Small clarification in documentation (#24652)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/neato.markdown

Visit [the Neato Developer Network](https://developers.neatorobotics.com/applications) and create a new app.

<div class='note'>

> You will have to enter a name, a description and the redirect URI:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

You will have to enter a name, a description, and the redirect URI:

```

<div class='note'>

You will have to enter a name, a description, and the redirect URI:

> - **Name**: can be anything you like, for example, "HomeAssistant".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Name**: can be anything you like, for example, "Home Assistant".
```

You will have to enter a name, a description and your redirect URL.

> Use `https://my.home-assistant.io/redirect/oauth` (as-is, without customization for your own Home Assistant URLs) as the redirect URL.

Reviewer: This is a standard text across all our documentation, I think it is odd just to change it here. What do you think?

Also, this uses the My Home Assistant services, should we link that instead?

Reviewer: @jacobstim A small and friendly notification.

Are you planning on moving forward on this PR? 
I didn't see any activity recently, while there are still things to do. I hope you consider picking it up soon! 👍

../Frenck

Author: Not sure what is still needed to move this PR forward? It's a single line addition to the documentation :). 

I agree it is strange to only change it here, but it's a good idea to start somewhere, right? (Tracing it back through the entire documentation seems a daunting effort). The alternative is not to change it all, but I would at least recommend changing the phrasing at least *somewhere* to clarify that this is a literal URL to copy/paste, without thinking, without changes. For example, the prior sentence "You will have to enter a name, a description and **_your_** redirect URL." seems to suggest customization of the URL is needed, where-as it is not the case.

Reviewer: > Not sure what is still needed to move this PR forward? 

See above questions, which have been left without a response.

> I agree it is strange to only change it here, but it's a good idea to start somewhere, right? (Tracing it back through the entire documentation seems a daunting effort).

Search and replace will help a lot. And yes, I think consistency is important. I don't agree with merging a single instance.

Author: I did a [search through the documentation ](https://github.com/home-assistant/home-assistant.io/search?q=redirect%2Foauth) and indeed, the original Neato documentation is out of line compared to how most other integration specify the creation of an app in an external platform. For other integrations, it's much clearer that one just needs to copy-paste the URI, without modifications.

I've updated the PR to be consistent with the other integrations... then we have both the clarification and consistency in one go... woohoo! 😉
